---
layout: post
title: The Feedback System Requires Your Assistance
---
I/O or "Input" / "Output" should be the key determining factor for detailing how such a system can *enact* or *visualize* a simulation of the system allowing it to be explored through … *at first* simulated behaviors. The framework depends on several introspective properties that are available to the system as a whole The system is visual, in that what is revealed to the participant / user is that of visual stimulii. All modifiable to the architecth when one can see how input is being modified through it's steps through the system. Or to put more simply, the decicisive factor for the lens that will display all pertinent data to the desires of the participant or user. Which in turn may dictate the "survival" of that very system that is being displayed. This behavior of visualizing should allow for the forming of the system through feedback on what the visuals shows us and how useful they are. A closed feedback loop that we can modify with suspected behavior should only go far. It would rather be more likely that we will need to build either very basic events that may accumulate to unexpected results… through an architected scaffold that should contain outcome within certain ranges … (algorithms, hashes … a bee's nest inside a vase) Machine learning may become useful, or yet even crucial. Machine learning may be crucial to narrow the gap in the independent variables inherent in a particpant system. That is each user – independent of the use case – requires, or rather, is determinant, for a more prudent data lens that the user / participant would need. The system may also dictate to the participant what it requires in order to become stable, or in a more general and relatable sense – for that system to return to entropy. In the realm of machine leanring the system can be taught to understand it's own survival. Simultaneously, the system should be more revealing than anything that a custom set of options enacted or set by the user or potentially more than the user could represent themselves. A weighting of permutations available to "The System" should allow for a representative list of priority for which the user / student would potentially not know to look themselves, either for the convenience of not needing to or simply because a new lens on an old photo may simply provide different results. The goal of the system should be communicating whatever that user requires to *relate*, *fathom*, *understand* in order for a primarily utilitarian function.
